My interpretation of the brief:
-An existing web application needs a new feature where users can set up alerts to certain events (arbitrarily defined)
-The base web application is interpreted to be a simple news site, where admins can add new posts and users can read them. A more complex interpretation could be a news aggregator site, where posts come from polled 3rd party sites.
-I decided "events" can be any posts created on the site
-Posts should be collectively subscribable by the user (disasters, world news etc.), on channel subscription, any new post gets sent to that channel
-Attempting to subscribe should show several real-world options, but mainly: email and Slack
-The subscription mechanism should be generic to be able to feature new channels later
-Subscribing causes the channel to be registered as a subscribed channel
-On new event posting, subscribed channels get the messages
-admins can create posts on the post list. regular users can't do that.
-admins should have a route to view all user channel subscriptions
-logged in username is stored in SessionStorage (lives only in browser tab scope)
-if no logged username is found in storage -> all routes route back to /login
-Channels cannot be unsubscribed, brief did not mention it and it's cut due to time limits

Domain:
-users
  id: number
  username: text
  password: text
  role: text (user | admin)
-posts
  id: number
  title: text
  description: text
-subscriptions
  id: number
  user_id: FK(users.id)
  channel: text
  address: text
  CONSTRAINTS: UK(user_id, channel, address)

Stack:
-App: Next.js
-DB: SQLite - Drizzle

Steps (in order):
1. Create base app (to expand with the required feature):
  1. Create Next.js app
  2. Install dependencies (Drizzle)
  3. Set up SQLite db
  4. Create domain entities and their tables
  5. Preseed users with 3 rows
    1. user-foo - password: foo; role: user
    2. user-bar - password: bar; role: user
    3. admin - password: admin; role: admin
  6. Create ORM operations to create new posts
  7. Create Next.js routes for users and admins
    1. /
      1. if no user -> routes to /login; else routes to /posts
    2. /login
      1. Login form
      2. username + password inputs + submit button
      3. routes to /posts on successful login
      4. store logged in username in session storage
    3. /posts
      1. View all posts
      2. if admin user
        1. Set up a form with two inputs: title (textbox) and description (textarea).
        2. Set up a submit button that saves the new post
2. Create the feature
  1. Create strategy pattern for channel message sending
    1. Interface for generic channels: "send" function
    2. Separate channel implementations: email, Slack etc.
    3. Implementations collected into a map (type - implemented function)
  2. Create separate channel message sending implementations
  3. Add new route
    1. /admin/subscriptions
      1. View all users' subscriptions; route back to /login if user is not admin
      2. List with columns: username; channel; address
  4. Modify existing route
    1. /admin/posts
      1. On submit, send messages to all registered channels
        1. Collect from DB
        2. Map by channel type
        3. Fire handler function
    2. /posts
      1. Set up a subscribe button that lists the available channels. Filter out channels already subscribed.
